                                    _
                                   | \
                                   |  \
                                   | | \
                            __     | |\ \             __
      _____________       _/_/     | | \ \          _/_/     _____________
     |  ___________     _/_/       | |  \ \       _/_/       ___________  |
     | |              _/_/_____    | |   > >    _/_/_____               | |
     | |             /________/    | |  / /    /________/               | |
     | |                           | | / /                              | |
     | |                           | |/ /                               | |
     | |                           | | /                                | |
     | |                           |  /                                 | |
     | |                           |_/                                  | |
     | |                                                                | |
     | |      c   o   m   m   u   n   i   c   a   t   i   o   n   s     | |
     | |________________________________________________________________| |
     |____________________________________________________________________|

     ...presents...       The White Rose - Leaflet VI
                                                         by The White Rose

           __//////\   -cDc- CULT OF THE DEAD COW -cDc-   /\\\\\\__
                    __      Grand Imperial Dynasty      __
 Est. 1984   \\\\\\/  cDc paramedia: text 392-07/07/2004  \//////   Est. 1984

  ___    _   _    ___     _   _    ___       _   _      ___    _   _      __
 |___heal_the_sick___raise_the_dead___cleanse_the_lepers___cast_out_demons__|

     Students, students!

     Shaken and broken, our people behold the loss of the men of Stalingrad.
Three hundred and thirty thousand German men have been senselessly and
irresponsibly driven to death and destruction by the inspired strategy of our
World War I Private First Class.  Fuehrer, we thank you!

     The German people are in ferment.  Will we continue to entrust the fate
of our armies to a dilettante?  Do we want to sacrifice the rest of German
youth to the base ambitions of a party clique?  No, never!

     The day of reckoning has come - the reckoning of our German youth with
the most abominable tyrant our people have ever been forced to endure.  In the
Name of the entire German youth we demand the restitution by Adolf Hitler's
state of our personal freedom, the most precious treasure that we have, out of
which he has swindled us in the most miserable way.

     We grew up in a state in which all free expression of opinion is
unscrupulously suppressed.  The Hitler Youth, the SA, the SS have tried to
drug us, to revolutionize us, to regiment us in the most promising young years
of our lives.  "Philosophical training" is the name given to the despicable
method by which our budding intellectual development is muffled in a fog of
empty phrases.  A system of selection of leaders at once unimaginably devilish
and narrow-minded trains up its future party bigwigs in the "Castles of the
Knightly Order" to become Godless, impudent, and conscienceless exploiters and
executioners - blind, stupid hangers-on of the Fuehrer.  We "Intellectual
Workers" are the ones who should put obstacles in the path of this caste of
overlords.  Soldiers at the front are regimented like schoolboys by student
leaders and trainees for the post of Gauleiter, and the lewd jokes of the
Gauleiters insult the honor of the women students.  German women students at
the University in Munich have given a dignified reply to the besmirching of
their honor, and German students have defended the women in the universities
and have stood firm.  That is a beginning of the struggle for our free
self-determination - without which intellectual and spiritual values cannot be
created.  We thank the brave comrades, both men and women, who have set us a
brilliant example!

     For us there is but one slogan: fight against the party!  Get out of the
party organizations, which are used to keep our mouths sealed and hold us in
political bondage!  Get out of the lecture rooms of the SS corporals and
sergeants and the party bootlickers!  We want genuine learning and real
freedom of opinion.  No threat can terrorize us, not even the shutting down of
the institutions of higher learning.  This is the struggle of each and every
one of us for our future, our freedom and our honor under regime conscious of
its moral responsibility.

     Freedom and honor!  For ten long years Hitler and his coadjutors have
manhandled, squeezed twisted, and debased these two splendid German words to
the point of nausea, as only dilettantes can, casting the highest values of a
nation before swine.  They have sufficiently demonstrated in the ten years of
destruction of all material and intellectual freedom, of all moral substance
among the German people, what they understand by freedom and honor.  The
frightful bloodbath has opened the eyes of even the stupidest German - it is a
slaughter which they arranged in the name of freedom and honor of the German
nation throughout Europe, and which they daily start anew.  The name of
Germany is dishonored for all time if German youth does not finally rise, take
revenge, and atone, smash its tormentors, and set up a new Europe of the
spirit.

     Students!  The German people look to us!  As in 1813 the people expected
us to shake off the Napoleonic yoke, so in 1943 they look to us to break the
National socialist terror through the power of the spirit.

     Beresina and Stalingrad are burning in the East.  The dead of Stalingrad
implore us to take action!

     "Up, up, my people, let smoke and flame be our sign!"

     Our people stand ready to rebel against the National Socialist
enslavement of Europe in a fervent new breakthrough of freedom and honor!

    .-.                             _   _                             .-.
   /   \           .-.             ((___))             .-.           /   \
  /.ooM \         /   \       .-.  [ x x ]  .-.       /   \         /.ooM \
-/-------\-------/-----\-----/---\--\   /--/---\-----/-----\-------/-------\-
/ fun4us  \     /       \   /     `-(' ')-'     \   /       \     / nofun4u \
           \   /         `-'         (U)         `-'         \   /
            `-'              the original e-zine              `-'    _
      Oooo                   - today, tomorrow -                    / )   __
 /)(\ (   \                        FOREVER                         /  (  /  \
 \__/  )  /  Copyright (c) 2004 cDc communications and the author. \   ) \)(/
       (_/     CULT OF THE DEAD COW is a registered trademark of    oooO
         cDc communications, 1369 Madison Ave. #423, NY, NY 10128, USA    _
  oooO          All rights left.  Edited by Grandmaster Ratte'.     __   ( \
 /   ) /)(\                                                        /  \  )  \
 \  (  \__/       Save yourself!  Go outside!  Do something!       \)(/ (   /
  \_)                     xXx   BOW to the COW   xXx                    Oooo