                                    _
                                   | \
                                   |  \
                                   | | \
                            __     | |\ \             __
      _____________       _/_/     | | \ \          _/_/     _____________
     |  ___________     _/_/       | |  \ \       _/_/       ___________  |
     | |              _/_/_____    | |   > >    _/_/_____               | |
     | |             /________/    | |  / /    /________/               | |
     | |                           | | / /                              | |
     | |                           | |/ /                               | |
     | |                           | | /                                | |
     | |                           |  /                                 | |
     | |                           |_/                                  | |
     | |                                                                | |
     | |      c   o   m   m   u   n   i   c   a   t   i   o   n   s     | |
     | |________________________________________________________________| |
     |____________________________________________________________________|

     ...presents...       The White Rose - Leaflet II
                                                         by The White Rose

           __//////\   -cDc- CULT OF THE DEAD COW -cDc-   /\\\\\\__
                    __      Grand Imperial Dynasty      __
 Est. 1984   \\\\\\/  cDc paramedia: text 388-07/07/2004  \//////   Est. 1984

  ___    _   _    ___     _   _    ___       _   _      ___    _   _      __
 |___heal_the_sick___raise_the_dead___cleanse_the_lepers___cast_out_demons__|

     It is impossible to engage in intellectual discourse with National
Socialism because it is not an intellectually defensible program.  It is false
to speak of National Socialist philosophy, for if there were such an entity,
one would have to try by means of analysis and discussion either to prove its
validity or to combat it.  In actuality, however, we face a totally different
situation.  At its very inception this movement depended on the deception and
betrayal of one's fellow man: even at that time it was inwardly corrupt and
could support itself only by constant lies.  After all, Hitler states in an
early edition of "his" book (a book written in the worst German I have ever
read, in spite of the fact that it has been elevated to the position of the
Bible in this nation of poets and thinkers): "It is unbelievable, to what
extent one must betray a people in order to rule it."  If at the start this
cancerous growth in the nation was not particularly noticeable, it was only
because there were still enough forces at work that operated for the good, so
that it was kept under control.  As it grew larger, however, and finally in an
ultimate spurt of growth attained ruling power, the tumor broke open, as it
were, and infected the whole body.  The greater part of its former opponents
went into hiding.  The German intellectuals fled to their cellars, there, like
plants struggling in the dark, away from light and sun, gradually to choke to
death.  Now the end is at hand.  Now it is our task to find one another again,
to spread information from person to person, to keep a steady purpose, and to
allow ourselves no rest until the last man is persuaded of the urgent need of
his struggle against this system.  When thus a wave of unrest goes through the
system.  When thus a wave of unrest goes through the land, when "it is in the
air," when many join the cause, then in a great final effort this system can
be shaken off.  After all, an end in terror is preferable to terror without
end.

     We are not in a position to draw up final judgment about the meaning of
our history.  But if this catastrophe can be used to further the public
welfare, it will be only by virtue of the fact that we are cleansed by
suffering; that we yearn for the light in the midst of deepest night, summon
our strength, and finally help in shaking off the yoke which weighs on our
world.

     We do not want to discuss here the question of the Jews, nor do we want
in this leaflet to compose a defense or apology.  No, only by way of example
do we want to cite the fact that since the conquest of Poland three hundred
thousand Jews have been murdered in this country in the most bestial way.
Here we see the most frightful crime against human dignity, a crime that is
unparalleled in the whole of history.  For Jews, too, are human beings - no
matter what position we take with respect to the Jewish question - and a crime
of this dimension has been perpetrated against human beings.  Someone may say
that the Jews deserved their fate.  This assertion would be a monstrous
impertinence; but let us assume that some said this - what position has he
then taken toward the fact that the entire Polish aristocratic youth is being
annihilated?  (May God grant that this program has not fully achieved its aim
as yet!)  How, they ask, could this have been done?  All male offspring of the
houses of the nobility between the ages of fifteen and twenty were transported
to concentration camps in Germany and sentenced to forced labor, and all girls
of this age group were sent to Norway, into the bordellos of the SS!  Why are
we telling you these things, since you are fully aware of them - or if not of
these, then of other equally grave crimes committed by this frightful
sub-humanity?  Because here we touch on a problem that involved us deeply and
forces us all to take thought.  Why do the German people behave so
apathetically in the face of all these abominable crimes, crimes so unworthy
of the human race?  Hardly anyone thinks about that.  It is accepted as fact
and put out of mind.  The German people slumber on in their dull, stupid sleep
and encourage these fascist criminals; they give them the opportunity to carry
on their depredations; and of course they do so.  Is this a sign that the
Germans are brutalized in their simplest human feelings, that no chord within
them cries out at the sight of such deeds, that they have sunk into a fatal
inconscience from which they will never, never awake?  It seems to be so, and
will certainly be so, if the German does not at last start up out of his
stupor, if he does not protest wherever and whenever he can against this
clique of criminals, if he shows no sympathy for they hundreds of thousands of
victims.  He must evidence not only sympathy; no, much more: a sense of
complicity in guilt.  For though his apathetic behavior he gives these evil
men the opportunity to act as they do; he tolerates this "government" which
has taken upon itself such an infinitely great burden of guilt; indeed, he
himself is to blame for the fact that it came about at all!  Each man wants to
be exonerated of a guilt of this kind, each one continues on his way with the
most placid, the calmest conscience.  But the cannot be exonerated; he is
guilty, guilty, guilty!  It is not too late, however, to do away with this
most reprehensible of all miscarriages of government, so as to avoid being
burdened with even greater guilt.  Now, when in recent years our eyes have
been opened, when we know exactly who our adversary is, it is high time to
root out this brown horde.  Up until the outbreak of the war the larger part
of the German people was blinded; the Nazis did not show themselves in their
true aspect.  But now, now that we have recognized them for what they are, it
must be the sole and first duty, the holiest duty of every German to destroy
these beasts!

          If the people are barely aware that the government exists,
          they are happy.  When the government is felt to be oppressive,
          they are broken.

          Good fortune, alas!  Builds itself upon misery.
          Good fortune, alas!  Is the mask of misery?
          What will come of this?  We cannot foresee the end.
          Order is upset and turns into disorder,
          Good becomes evil.
          The people are confused.
          Is it not so, day in, day out, from the beginning?
          The wise man is therefore angular
          Though he does not injure other; he has sharp corners,
          Then he does not harm; he is upright,
          But not gruff.  He is clear-minded,
          But he does not try to be brilliant."

     - Lao-tzu

          Whoever undertakes to rule the kingdom and to shape it according to
          his whim - I foresee that he will fail to reach his goal.  That is
          all.  The kingdom is a living being.  It cannot be constructed, in
          truth!  He who tries to manipulate it will spoil it, he who tries to
          put it under his power will lose it.  Therefore: some creatures go
          out in front, others follow, some have warm breath, others cold,
          some are strong, some weak, some attain abundance, others succumb.
          The wise man will accordingly forswear excess, he will avoid
          arrogance and not overreach.

     - Lao-tzu

     Please make as many copies as possible of this leaflet and distribute
them.

    .-.                             _   _                             .-.
   /   \           .-.             ((___))             .-.           /   \
  /.ooM \         /   \       .-.  [ x x ]  .-.       /   \         /.ooM \
-/-------\-------/-----\-----/---\--\   /--/---\-----/-----\-------/-------\-
/ fun4us  \     /       \   /     `-(' ')-'     \   /       \     / nofun4u \
           \   /         `-'         (U)         `-'         \   /
            `-'              the original e-zine              `-'    _
      Oooo                   - today, tomorrow -                    / )   __
 /)(\ (   \                        FOREVER                         /  (  /  \
 \__/  )  /  Copyright (c) 2004 cDc communications and the author. \   ) \)(/
       (_/     CULT OF THE DEAD COW is a registered trademark of    oooO
         cDc communications, 1369 Madison Ave. #423, NY, NY 10128, USA    _
  oooO          All rights left.  Edited by Grandmaster Ratte'.     __   ( \
 /   ) /)(\                                                        /  \  )  \
 \  (  \__/       Save yourself!  Go outside!  Do something!       \)(/ (   /
  \_)                     xXx   BOW to the COW   xXx                    Oooo