                                    _
                                   | \
                                   |  \
                                   | | \
                            __     | |\ \             __
      _____________       _/_/     | | \ \          _/_/     _____________
     |  ___________     _/_/       | |  \ \       _/_/       ___________  |
     | |              _/_/_____    | |   > >    _/_/_____               | |
     | |             /________/    | |  / /    /________/               | |
     | |                           | | / /                              | |
     | |                           | |/ /                               | |
     | |                           | | /                                | |
     | |                           |  /                                 | |
     | |                           |_/                                  | |
     | |                                                                | |
     | |      c   o   m   m   u   n   i   c   a   t   i   o   n   s     | |
     | |________________________________________________________________| |
     |____________________________________________________________________|

     ...presents...      The White Rose - Leaflet III
                                                         by The White Rose

           __//////\   -cDc- CULT OF THE DEAD COW -cDc-   /\\\\\\__
                    __      Grand Imperial Dynasty      __
 Est. 1984   \\\\\\/  cDc paramedia: text 389-07/07/2004  \//////   Est. 1984

  ___    _   _    ___     _   _    ___       _   _      ___    _   _      __
 |___heal_the_sick___raise_the_dead___cleanse_the_lepers___cast_out_demons__|

    "Salus publica suprema lex."

     All ideal forms of government are utopias.  A state cannot be constructed
on a purely theoretical basis; rather, it must grow and ripen in the way an
individual human being matures.  But we must not forget that at the starting
point of every civilization the state was already there in rudimentary form.
The family is as old as man himself, and out of this initial bond, man,
endowed with reasons, created for himself a state founded on justice, whose
highest law was the common good.  The state should exist as parallel to the
divine order, and the highest of all utopias, the civitas dei, is the model
that in the end it should approximate.  Here we will not pass judgment on the
many possible forms of the state - democracy, constitutional monarch,
monarchy, and so on.  But one matter needs to be brought out clearly and
unambiguously.  Every individual human being has a claim to a useful and just
state, a state that secures the freedom of the individual as well as the good
of the whole.  For, according to God's will, man is intended to pursue his
natural goal, his earthly happiness, in self-reliance and self-chosen
activity, freely and independently within the community of life and work of
the nation.

     But our present "state" is the dictatorship of evil.  "Oh, we've known
that for a long time," I hear you object, "and it isn't the necessary to bring
that to our attention again."  But, I ask you, if you know that, why do you
not bestir yourselves, why do you allow these men who are in power to rob you
step by step, openly and in secret, of one domain of your rights after a
another, until one day nothing, nothing at all will be left but a mechanized
state system presided over by criminals and drunks?  Is your spirit already so
crushed by abuse that you forget it is your right - or rather, your moral duty
- to eliminate this system?  But if a man no longer can summon the strength to
demand his right, then it is absolutely certain that he will perish.  We would
deserve to be dispersed through the earth like dust before the wind if we do
not muster our powers at this later hour and finally find the courage that
until now we have lacked.  Do not hide your cowardice behind a cloak of
expediency, for with every new day that you hesitate, failing to oppose this
offspring of Hell, your guilt, as in a parabolic curve, grows higher and
higher.

     Many, perhaps most, of the readers of these leaflets do not see clearly
how they can practice an effective opposition.  They do not see any avenues
open to them.  We want to try to show them that everyone is in a position to
contribute to he overthrow of this system.  It is not possible through
solitary withdrawal, in the manner of embittered hermits, to prepare the
ground for the overturn of this "government" or bring about the revolution at
the earliest possible moment.  No, it can be done only by cooperation of many
convinced, energetic people - people who are agreed as to the means they must
use to attain their goal.  We have no great number of choices as to these
means.  The only one available is - passive resistance.

     The meaning and the goal of passive resistance is to topple National
Socialism, and in this struggle we must not recoil from any course, and
action, whatever its nature.  At all points we must oppose National Socialism,
wherever it is open to attack.  We must soon bring this monster of a state to
an end.  A victory of fascist Germany in this war would have immeasurable,
frightful consequences.  The military victory over bolshevism dare not become
the primary concern of the Germans.  The defeat of the Nazis must uncon-
ditionally be the first order of business.  The greater necessity of this
latter requirement will be discussed on one of our forthcoming leaflets.

     And now every convinced opponent of National socialism must ask himself
how he can fight against the present "state" in the most effective way, how he
can strike it the most telling blows.  Through passive resistance, without a
doubt.  We cannot provide each man with the blueprint for his acts, we can
only suggest them in general terms, and he alone will find the way of
achieving this end.

     Sabotage in armament plants and war industries, sabotage at all
gatherings, rallies, public ceremonies, and organizations of the National
socialist Party.  Obstruction of the smooth functioning of the war machine (a
machine for war that goes on solely to shore up and perpetuate the National
Socialist Party and its dictatorship).  Sabotage in all the areas of science
and scholarship which further the continuation of the war - scholarship which
furthers the continuation of the war - whether in universities, technical
schools, laboratories, research institutes, or technical bureaus.  Sabotage in
all cultural institutions which could potentially enhance the "prestige" of
the fascists among the people.  Sabotage in all branches of the arts that have
even the slightest dependence on National Socialism or render it service.
Sabotage in all publications, all newspapers, that are in the pay of the
"government" and that defend its ideology and aid in disseminating the brown
lie.  Do not give a penny to public drives (even when they are conducted under
the pretense of charity).  For this is only a disguise.  In reality the
proceeds aid neither the Red Cross nor the needy.  The government does not
need this money; it is not financially interested in these money drives.
After all, the presses run continuously to manufacture any desired amount of
paper currency.  But the populace must be kept constantly under tension, the
pressure of the bit must not be allowed to slacken!  Do no contribute to the
collections of metal, textiles, and the like.  Try to convince all your
acquaintances, including those in the lower social classes, of the
senselessness of continuing, of the hopelessness of this war; of our spiritual
and economic enslavement at the hand of the National Socialists; of the
destruction of all moral and religious values; and urge them to passive
resistance!

     Aristotle, _Politics_:

          ...and further, it is part (of the nature of tyranny) to strive to
          see to it that nothing is kept hidden of that which any subject says
          or does, but that everywhere he will be spied upon, and further, to
          set man against man and friend against friend, and the common people
          against the privileged and the wealthy.  Also it is part of these
          tyrannical measures, to keep the subjects poor, in order to pay the
          guards and soldiers, and so that they will be occupied with earning
          their livelihood and will have neither leisure nor opportunity to
          engage in conspiratorial acts.  Further, (to levy) such high taxes
          on income as were imposed in Syracuse, for under Dionysius the
          citizens gladly paid out their whole fortunes in taxes within five
          years.  Also, the tyrant is inclined constantly to foment wars.

     Please duplicate and distribute!

    .-.                             _   _                             .-.
   /   \           .-.             ((___))             .-.           /   \
  /.ooM \         /   \       .-.  [ x x ]  .-.       /   \         /.ooM \
-/-------\-------/-----\-----/---\--\   /--/---\-----/-----\-------/-------\-
/ fun4us  \     /       \   /     `-(' ')-'     \   /       \     / nofun4u \
           \   /         `-'         (U)         `-'         \   /
            `-'              the original e-zine              `-'    _
      Oooo                   - today, tomorrow -                    / )   __
 /)(\ (   \                        FOREVER                         /  (  /  \
 \__/  )  /  Copyright (c) 2004 cDc communications and the author. \   ) \)(/
       (_/     CULT OF THE DEAD COW is a registered trademark of    oooO
         cDc communications, 1369 Madison Ave. #423, NY, NY 10128, USA    _
  oooO          All rights left.  Edited by Grandmaster Ratte'.     __   ( \
 /   ) /)(\                                                        /  \  )  \
 \  (  \__/       Save yourself!  Go outside!  Do something!       \)(/ (   /
  \_)                     xXx   BOW to the COW   xXx                    Oooo