                                    _
                                   | \
                                   |  \
                                   | | \
                            __     | |\ \             __
      _____________       _/_/     | | \ \          _/_/     _____________
     |  ___________     _/_/       | |  \ \       _/_/       ___________  |
     | |              _/_/_____    | |   > >    _/_/_____               | |
     | |             /________/    | |  / /    /________/               | |
     | |                           | | / /                              | |
     | |                           | |/ /                               | |
     | |                           | | /                                | |
     | |                           |  /                                 | |
     | |                           |_/                                  | |
     | |                                                                | |
     | |      c   o   m   m   u   n   i   c   a   t   i   o   n   s     | |
     | |________________________________________________________________| |
     |____________________________________________________________________|

     ...presents...       The White Rose - Leaflet V
                                                         by The White Rose

           __//////\   -cDc- CULT OF THE DEAD COW -cDc-   /\\\\\\__
                    __      Grand Imperial Dynasty      __
 Est. 1984   \\\\\\/  cDc paramedia: text 391-07/07/2004  \//////   Est. 1984

  ___    _   _    ___     _   _    ___       _   _      ___    _   _      __
 |___heal_the_sick___raise_the_dead___cleanse_the_lepers___cast_out_demons__|

     The war is approaching its destined end.  As in the year 1918, the German
government is trying to focus attention exclusively on the growing threat of
submarine warfare, while in the East the armies are constantly in retreat and
invasion is imminent in the West.  Mobilization in the United States has not
yet reached its climax, but already it exceeds anything that the world has
ever seen.  It has become a mathematical certainty that Hitler is leading the
German people into the abyss.  Hitler cannot win the war, he can only prolong
it!  The guilt of Hitler and his minions goes beyond all measure.  Retribution
comes closer and closer!

     But what are the German people doing?  They will not see and will not
listen.  Blindly they follow their seducers into ruin.  Victory at any price
is inscribed on their banner.  "I will fight to the last man," says Hitler -
but in the meantime the war has already been lost.

     Germans!  Do you and your children want to suffer the same fate that
befell the Jews?  Do you want to be judged by the same standards as your
seducers?  Are we to be forever the nation that is hated and rejected by all
mankind?  No, dissociate yourselves from National Socialist gangsterism.
Prove by your deeds that you think otherwise.  A new war of liberation is
about to begin.  The better part of the nation will fight on our side.  Cast
off the cloak of indifference you have wrapped around you.  Make the decision
before it is too late!

     Do not believe the National Socialist propaganda, which has driven the
fear of Bolshevism into our bones.  Do not believe that Germany's welfare is
linked to the victory of National Socialism for good or ill.  A criminal
regime cannot achieve a German victory.  Separate yourselves in time from
everything connected with National Socialism.  In the aftermath a terrible but
just judgment will be meted out to those who stayed in hiding, who were
cowardly and hesitant.

     What can we learn from the outcome of this war - this war that never was
a national war?

     The imperialist ideology of force, from whatever side it comes, must be
shattered for all time.  A one-sided Prussian militarism must never again be
allowed to assume power.  Only in large-scale cooperation among the nations of
Europe can the ground be prepared for reconstruction.  Centralized hegemony,
such as the Prussian state has tried to exercise in Germany and in Europe,
must be cut down at its inception.  The Germany of the future must be a
federal state.  At this juncture only a sound federal system can imbue a
weakened Europe with a new life.  The workers must be liberated from their
condition of downtrodden slavery under National Socialism by a reasonable
Socialism.  The illusory structure of autonomous national industry must
disappear in Europe.  Every nation and each man has a right to the goods of
the whole world!

     Freedom of speech, freedom of religion, the protection of individual
citizens from the arbitrary will of criminal regimes of violence - these will
be the bases of the New Europe.

     Support the resistance, distribute the leaflets!

    .-.                             _   _                             .-.
   /   \           .-.             ((___))             .-.           /   \
  /.ooM \         /   \       .-.  [ x x ]  .-.       /   \         /.ooM \
-/-------\-------/-----\-----/---\--\   /--/---\-----/-----\-------/-------\-
/ fun4us  \     /       \   /     `-(' ')-'     \   /       \     / nofun4u \
           \   /         `-'         (U)         `-'         \   /
            `-'              the original e-zine              `-'    _
      Oooo                   - today, tomorrow -                    / )   __
 /)(\ (   \                        FOREVER                         /  (  /  \
 \__/  )  /  Copyright (c) 2004 cDc communications and the author. \   ) \)(/
       (_/     CULT OF THE DEAD COW is a registered trademark of    oooO
         cDc communications, 1369 Madison Ave. #423, NY, NY 10128, USA    _
  oooO          All rights left.  Edited by Grandmaster Ratte'.     __   ( \
 /   ) /)(\                                                        /  \  )  \
 \  (  \__/       Save yourself!  Go outside!  Do something!       \)(/ (   /
  \_)                     xXx   BOW to the COW   xXx                    Oooo