                                    _
                                   | \
                                   |  \
                                   | | \
                            __     | |\ \             __
      _____________       _/_/     | | \ \          _/_/     _____________
     |  ___________     _/_/       | |  \ \       _/_/       ___________  |
     | |              _/_/_____    | |   > >    _/_/_____               | |
     | |             /________/    | |  / /    /________/               | |
     | |                           | | / /                              | |
     | |                           | |/ /                               | |
     | |                           | | /                                | |
     | |                           |  /                                 | |
     | |                           |_/                                  | |
     | |                                                                | |
     | |      c   o   m   m   u   n   i   c   a   t   i   o   n   s     | |
     | |________________________________________________________________| |
     |____________________________________________________________________|

     ...presents...       The White Rose - Leaflet IV
                                                         by The White Rose

           __//////\   -cDc- CULT OF THE DEAD COW -cDc-   /\\\\\\__
                    __      Grand Imperial Dynasty      __
 Est. 1984   \\\\\\/  cDc paramedia: text 390-07/07/2004  \//////   Est. 1984

  ___    _   _    ___     _   _    ___       _   _      ___    _   _      __
 |___heal_the_sick___raise_the_dead___cleanse_the_lepers___cast_out_demons__|

     There is an ancient maxim that we repeat to our children: "He who won't
listen will have to feel."  But a wise child will not burn his fingers the
second time on a hot stove.

     In the past weeks Hitler has chalked up successes in Africa and in
Russia.  In consequence, optimism on the one hand and distress and pessimism
on the other have grown within the German people with rapidity quite
inconsistent with traditional German apathy.  On all sides one hears among
Hitler's opponents - the better segments of the population - exclamations of
despair, words of disappointment and discouragement, often ending with the
question: "Will Hitler now, after all...?"

     Meanwhile the German offensive against Egypt has ground to a halt.
Rommel has to bide his time in a dangerously exposed position.  But the push
into the East proceeds.  This apparent success has been purchased at the most
horrible expense of human life, and so it can no longer be counted an
advantage.  Therefore we must warn against all optimism.

     Neither Hitler nor Goebbels can have counted the dead.  In Russia
thousands are lost daily.  It is the time of the harvest, and the reaper cuts
into the ripe grain with wide strokes.  Mourning takes up her abode in the
country cottages, and there is no one to dry the tears of the mothers.  Yet
Hitler feeds with lies those people whose most precious belongings he has
stolen and whom he has driven to a meaningless death.

     Every word that comes fro Hitler's mouth is a lie.  When he says peace,
he means war, and when he blasphemously uses the name of the Almighty, he
means the power of evil, the fallen angel, Satan.  His mouth is the
foul-smelling maw of Hell, and his might is at bottom accursed.  True, we must
conduct the struggle against the National Socialist terrorist state with
rational means; but whoever today still doubts the reality, the existence of
demonic powers, has failed by a wide margin to understand the metaphysical
background of this war.  Behind the concrete, the visible events, behind all
objective, logical considerations, we find the irrational element: the
struggle against the demon, against the servants of the Antichrist.
Everywhere and at all times demons have been lurking in the dark, waiting for
the moment when man is weak; when of his own volition he leaves his place in
the order of Creation as founded for him by God in Freedom; when he yields to
the force of evil, separates himself from the powers of a higher order; and,
after voluntarily taking the first step, he is driven on to the next and the
next at a furiously accelerating rate.  Everywhere and at all times of
greatest trial men have appeared, prophets and saints who cherished their
freedom, who preached the One God and who with His help brought the people to
a reversal of their downward course.  Man is free, to be sure, but without the
true God he is defenseless against the principle of evil.  He is like a
rudderless ship, at the mercy of the storm, an infant without his mother, a
cloud dissolving into thin air.

     I ask you as a Christian wrestling for the preservation of your greatest
treasure, whether you hesitate, whether you incline toward intrigue,
calculation, or procrastination in the hope that someone else will raise his
arm in your defense?  Has God not given you the strength, the will to fight?
We must attack evil where it is strongest, and it is strongest in the power of
Hitler.

         "So I returned, and considered all the oppressions that are done
          under the sun: and behold the tears of such as were oppressed, and
          they had no comforter; and on the side of their oppressors there was
          power; but they had no comforter.  Wherefore I praised the dead
          which are already Dead more than the living which are yet alive..."
               - (Ecclesiastes 4.)

     Novalis:

          True anarchy is the generative element of religion.  Out of the
          annihilation of every positive element she lifts her gloriously
          radiant countenance as the founder of a new world... If Europe were
          about to awaken again, if a state of states, a teaching of political
          science were at hand!  Should hierarchy then... be the principle of
          the union of states?  Blood will stream over Europe until the
          nations become aware of the frightful madness, which drives them in
          circles.  And then, struck by celestial music and made gentle, they
          approach their former altars all together, hear about the works of
          peace, and hold a great celebration about the works of peace, and
          hold a great celebration of peace with fervent tears before the
          smoking altars.  Only religion can reawaken Europe, establish the
          rights of the peoples, and install Christianity in new splendor
          visibly on earth in its office as guarantor of peace.

     We wish expressly to point that the White Rose is not in the pay of any
foreign power.  Though we know that National Socialist power must be broken by
military means, we are trying to achieve a renewal from within of the severely
wounded German spirit.  This rebirth must be preceded, however, by the clear
recognition of all the guilt with which the German people have burdened
themselves, and by an uncompromising battle against Hitler and his all too
many minions, party members, quislings, and the like.  With total brutality
the chasm that separates the better portion of the nation from everything that
is identified with National Socialism must be opened wide.  For Hitler and his
followers there is no punishment on this earth commensurate with their crimes.
But out of love for coming generations we must make an example after the
conclusion of the war, so that no one will ever again have the slightest urge
to try a similar action.  And do not forget the petty scoundrels in this
regime; note their name, so that none will go free!  They should not find it
possible, having had their part in these abominable crimes, at the last minute
to rally to another flag and then act as if nothing had happened!

     To set you at rest, we add that the addresses of the readers of the White
Rose are not recorded in writing.  They were picked at random from
directories.

     We will not be silent.  We are your bad conscience.  The White Rose will
not leave you in peace!

     Please read and distribute!

    .-.                             _   _                             .-.
   /   \           .-.             ((___))             .-.           /   \
  /.ooM \         /   \       .-.  [ x x ]  .-.       /   \         /.ooM \
-/-------\-------/-----\-----/---\--\   /--/---\-----/-----\-------/-------\-
/ fun4us  \     /       \   /     `-(' ')-'     \   /       \     / nofun4u \
           \   /         `-'         (U)         `-'         \   /
            `-'              the original e-zine              `-'    _
      Oooo                   - today, tomorrow -                    / )   __
 /)(\ (   \                        FOREVER                         /  (  /  \
 \__/  )  /  Copyright (c) 2004 cDc communications and the author. \   ) \)(/
       (_/     CULT OF THE DEAD COW is a registered trademark of    oooO
         cDc communications, 1369 Madison Ave. #423, NY, NY 10128, USA    _
  oooO          All rights left.  Edited by Grandmaster Ratte'.     __   ( \
 /   ) /)(\                                                        /  \  )  \
 \  (  \__/       Save yourself!  Go outside!  Do something!       \)(/ (   /
  \_)                     xXx   BOW to the COW   xXx                    Oooo