                                    _
                                   | \
                                   |  \
                                   | | \
                            __     | |\ \             __
      _____________       _/_/     | | \ \          _/_/     _____________
     |  ___________     _/_/       | |  \ \       _/_/       ___________  |
     | |              _/_/_____    | |   > >    _/_/_____               | |
     | |             /________/    | |  / /    /________/               | |
     | |                           | | / /                              | |
     | |                           | |/ /                               | |
     | |                           | | /                                | |
     | |                           |  /                                 | |
     | |                           |_/                                  | |
     | |                                                                | |
     | |      c   o   m   m   u   n   i   c   a   t   i   o   n   s     | |
     | |________________________________________________________________| |
     |____________________________________________________________________|

     ...presents...       The White Rose - Leaflet I
                                                         by The White Rose

           __//////\   -cDc- CULT OF THE DEAD COW -cDc-   /\\\\\\__
                    __      Grand Imperial Dynasty      __
 Est. 1984   \\\\\\/  cDc paramedia: text 387-07/07/2004  \//////   Est. 1984

  ___    _   _    ___     _   _    ___       _   _      ___    _   _      __
 |___heal_the_sick___raise_the_dead___cleanse_the_lepers___cast_out_demons__|

     Nothing is so unworthy of a civilized nation as allowing itself to be
"governed" without opposition by an irresponsible clique that has yielded to
base instinct.  It is certain that today every honest German is ashamed of his
government.  Who among us has any conception of the dimensions of shame that
will befall our children and us when one day the veil has fallen from our eyes
and the most horrible of crimes - crimes that infinitely outdistance every
human measure - reach the light of day?  If the German people are already so
corrupted and spiritually crushed that they do not raise a hand, frivolously
trusting in a questionable faith in lawful order in history; if they surrender
man's highest principle, that which raises him above all other God's
creatures, his free will; if they abandon the will to take decisive action and
turn the wheel of history and thus subject it to their own rational decision;
if they are so devoid of all individuality, have already gone so far along the
road toward turning into a spiritless and cowardly mass - then, yes, they
deserve their downfall.

     Goethe speaks of the Germans as a tragic people, like the Jews and the
Greeks, but today it would appear rather that they are a spineless, will-less
herd of hangers-on, who now - the marrow sucked out of their bones, robbed of
their center of stability - are waiting to be hounded to their destruction.
So it seems - but it is not so.  Rather, by means of gradual, treacherous,
systematic abuse, the system has put every man into a spiritual prison.  Only
now, finding himself lying in fetters, has he become aware of his fate.  Only
a few recognized the threat of ruin, and the reward for their heroic warning
was death.  We will have more to say about the fate of these persons.

     If everyone waits until the other man makes a start, the messengers of
avenging Nemesis will come closer; then even the last victim will have been
cast senselessly into the maw of the insatiable demon.  Therefore every
individual, conscious of his responsibility as a member of Christian and
Western civilization, must defend himself as best he can at this late hour, he
must work against the scourges of mankind, against fascism and any similar
system of totalitarianism.  Offer passive resistance - resistance - wherever
you may be, forestall the spread of this atheistic war machine before it is
too late, before the last cities, like Cologne, have been reduced to rubble,
and before the nation's last young man has given his blood on some battlefield
for the hubris of a sub-human.  Do not forget that every people deserves the
regime it is willing to endure!

     From Friedrich Schiller's "The Lawgiving of Lycurgus and Solon":

          Viewed in relation to its purposes, the law code of Lycurgus is a
          masterpiece of political science and knowledge of human nature.  He
          desired a powerful unassailable state, firmly established on its
          own principles. Political effectiveness and permanence were the goal
          toward which he strove, and he attained this goal to the full extent
          possible under the circumstances.  But if one compares the purpose
          Lycurgus had in view with the purposes of mankind, then a deep
          abhorrence takes the place of the approbation, which we felt at
          first glance.  Anything may be scarified to the good of the state
          except that end for which the state serves as a means.  The state is
          never and end in itself; it is important only as a condition under
          which the purpose of mankind can be attained, and this purpose is
          none other than the development of all of man's powers, his progress
          and improvement.  If a state prevents the development of the
          capacities which reside, in man, if it interferes with the progress
          of the human spirit, then it is reprehensible and injurious, no
          matter how excellently devised, how perfect in its own way.  Its
          very permanence in that case amounts more to a reproach than to a
          basis for fame; it becomes a prolonged evil, and the longer it
          endures, the more harmful it is.

          At the price of all moral feeling a political system was set up, and
          the resources of the state were mobilized to that end.  In Sparta
          there was no conjugal love, no mother love, no filial devotion, no
          friendship; all men were citizens only, and all virtue was civic
          virtue.

          A law of the state made it the duty of Spartans to be inhumane to
          their slaves; in these unhappy victims of war humanity itself was
          insulted and mistreated.  In the Spartan code of law the dangerous
          principle was promulgated that men are to be looked upon as means
          and not as ends - and that law destroyed the foundations of natural
          law and of morality.

          What an admirable sight is afforded, by contrast, by the rough
          soldier Gaius Marcius in his camp before Rome, when he renounced
          vengeance and victory because he could not endure to see a mother's
          tears!

          The state (of Lycurgus) could endure only under the one condition:
          that the spirit of the people remained quiescent.  Hence it could be
          maintained only if it failed to achieve the highest, the sole
          purpose of a state.

     From Goethe's "The Awakening of Epimenides," Act II, Scene 4.

          Spirits:
          Though he who has boldly risen from the abyss
          Through an iron will and cunning
          May conquer half the world,
          Yet to the abyss he must return.
          Already a terrible fear has seized him;
          In vain he will resist!
          And all who still stand with him
          Must perish in his fall.

          Hope:
          Now I find my good men
          Are gathered in the night,
          To wait in silence, not to sleep.
          And the glorious word of liberty
          They whisper and murmur,
          Till in unaccustomed strangeness,
          On the steps of our temple
          Once again in delight they cry:

          Freedom! Freedom! Freedom!

     Please make as many copies of this leaflet as you can and distribute
them.

    .-.                             _   _                             .-.
   /   \           .-.             ((___))             .-.           /   \
  /.ooM \         /   \       .-.  [ x x ]  .-.       /   \         /.ooM \
-/-------\-------/-----\-----/---\--\   /--/---\-----/-----\-------/-------\-
/ fun4us  \     /       \   /     `-(' ')-'     \   /       \     / nofun4u \
           \   /         `-'         (U)         `-'         \   /
            `-'              the original e-zine              `-'    _
      Oooo                   - today, tomorrow -                    / )   __
 /)(\ (   \                        FOREVER                         /  (  /  \
 \__/  )  /  Copyright (c) 2004 cDc communications and the author. \   ) \)(/
       (_/     CULT OF THE DEAD COW is a registered trademark of    oooO
         cDc communications, 1369 Madison Ave. #423, NY, NY 10128, USA    _
  oooO          All rights left.  Edited by Grandmaster Ratte'.     __   ( \
 /   ) /)(\                                                        /  \  )  \
 \  (  \__/       Save yourself!  Go outside!  Do something!       \)(/ (   /
  \_)                     xXx   BOW to the COW   xXx                    Oooo